


# < About Appium >
## - Appium
1.安装appium
$ npm install -g appium
$ appium

2.检测环境配置是否正确
$ npm install -g appium-doctor
$ appium-doctor --ios/android

3.项目安装appium client库
You also need to download the Appium client for your language so you can write tests





# < Setting up Appium >
## - Appium on real iOS devices

### TESTING USING XCODE 8 (INCLUDING IOS 10) WITH XCUITEST
$ brew install libimobiledevice

####APPIUM ON REAL ANDROID DEVICES
Make sure that your device can connect to ADB and has Developer Mode enabled.
For testing Chrome on a real device, you’re responsible for ensuring that Chrome of an appropriate version is installed.
Also, you’ll want to make sure that “Verify Apps” in settings is disabled/unchecked.


## - Running Appium on Mac OS X
### SYSTEM SETUP (IOS)
You need to authorize use of the iOS Simulator.
$ npm install -g authorize-ios
$ sudo authorize-ios

Make sure UI Automation is enabled on your device. Settings -> Developer -> Enable UI Automation

### TESTING USING XCODE 8 (INCLUDING IOS 10) WITH XCUITEST
In order to automate iOS devices with Xcode 8 (which includes all testing of iOS 10+), you need to install the Carthage dependency manager
$ brew install carthage


## - Troubleshooting Appium
### IOS
If you’ve ever run Appium with sudo, you might need to sudo rm /tmp/instruments_sock and try again as not-sudo.

If you have custom elements in your app, they will not be automatable by UIAutomation (and therefore Appium) by default.
You need to set the accessibility status to 'enabled’ on them.
The way to do this in code is:[myCustomView setAccessibilityEnabled:YES];

### WEBVIEW/HYBRID/SAFARI APP SUPPORT
If you getting this error: select_port() failed, when trying to open the proxy, see this discussion












# 未看
SYSTEM SETUP (ANDROID)
RUNNING IOS TESTS ON OS X USING JENKINS
FILES GENERATED BY IOS TEST RUNS
Deploying an iOS app to a real device
